{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl ;\red49\green106\blue197;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\lang1033\b\f0\fs16 TRzButton & TRzBitBtn\par
\cf0\b0\f1 The \b TRzButton \b0 component is functionally equivalent to \b TButton\b0 . However, as a custom VCL control \b TRzButton \b0 also supports multi-line captions, 3D text styles, and custom colors for the button face. The TRzBitBtn descendant adds support for displaying images from bitmap glyphs or image lists. In addition, RC3 introduces a new flat style and Hot Tracking.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 TRzCheckBox and TRzRadioButton\par
\cf0\b0\f1 Our check boxes and radio buttons support multi-line hints, 3D text styles, and custom glyphs. These components also support a new flat style and Hot Tracking.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 TRzMenuButton\par
\cf0\b0\f1 As a TRzBtiBtn descendant, a TRzMenuButton provides an easy and concise way to display a popup menu to the user.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 Repeating Buttons\par
\cf0\b0\f1 This group box contains three components (\b TRzRapidFireButton\b0 , \b TRzSpinButtons\b0 , and \b TRzSpinner\b0 ) that repeat their actions as long as the button is held down.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 TRzShapeButton\cf0\b0\par
\f1 This component creates a button from a specified bitmap image. By specifying transparent regions in the image, nonstandard buttons can easily be created.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 TRzDialogButtons\par
\cf0\b0\f1 This compound component embeds 3 buttons (Ok, Cancel, and Help), making it extremely easy to create the standard dialog buttons\par
\cf1\b\f0\par
}
