{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}}
{\colortbl ;\red49\green106\blue197;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang1033\f0\fs16 This form highlights the RC3 components that inherit their base abilities from the Windows Common Controls.  In addition, this form illustrates the HotSpot feature of the \b TRzSplitter\b0  component, as well as the ability to nest splitters to easily created multi-paned splitting regions.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1 TRzTreeView and TRzCheckTree\par
\cf0\b0\f0 This form shows an example of the \b TRzCheckTree\b0 , which is a descendant of \b TRzTreeView\b0 . Therefore, in addition to being able to associate a check box with each node and cascade check states up and down the tree, the component supports a custom selection pen property as well as Custom Framing.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1 TRzListView\par
\cf0\b0\f0 This enhanced list view component supports custom framing, but also defines some additional properties such as \b FillLastColumn\b0 , which attempts to resize the last column so that it fills the remaining space of the list view. When the \b AlphaSortAll \b0 property is \b True\b0 , the component automatically handles sorting whatever column is clicked.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1 TRzSplitter\par
\cf0\b0\f0 There are two splitters used on this form. Each one has its \b HotSpotVisible \b0 property set to \b True\b0 , which causes the thin button in the middle of the splitter bar to appear. Clicking this button causes the splitter bar to be immediately positioned to the side. Clicking the button again causes the bar to return to its original position.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1 TRzToolButton\par
\cf0\b0\f0 The first button on the toolbar is a \b TRzToolButton\b0  with its \b ToolStyle \b0 property set to \b tsDropDown\b0 . Clicking on the arrow displays the associated menu (i.e. a \b TPopupMenu \b0 instance). Clicking on the image invokes the action associated with the button''s \b OnClick \b0 event.\par
\par
}
