{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl ;\red49\green106\blue197;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\lang1033\b\f0\fs16 TRzLEDDisplay\par
\cf0\b0\f1 This component provides a digital readout style of display. More precisely, \b TRzLEDDisplay \b0 displays characters as 5x7 grids of dots. The \b Caption \b0 property is used to specify the contents of the display. The \b SegOnColor \b0 and the \b SegOffColor \b0 properties control the color of each character. Plus, the \b Caption \b0 displayed by the control can be scrolled using the \b Scrolling \b0 and \b ScrollType \b0 properties.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 TRzLabel\par
\cf0\b0\f1 The \b TRzLabel \b0 component is great for emphasizing information. The component supports several 3D text styles and can be rotated to any angle. Plus, \b TRzLabel \b0 has built-in support for the same bordering options as our \b TRzPanel \b0 component.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 TRzProgressBar\par
\cf0\b0\f1 This component can have its appearance altered in many different ways. For example, the bar can be displayed as a traditional bar or a modern LED style. The border, bar color, and background color are all customizable by the user.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 TRzTrackBar\par
\cf0\b0\f1 This custom VCL control is much more powerful and flexible than the common track bar control. Every aspect of the control can be customized. Plus, the track bar used for changing the \b TRzLabel \b0 angle illustrates owner-draw tick marks.  The track bar used to change the progress bar value is using a custom thumb.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 TRzAnimator\par
\cf0\b0\f1 The animated \b Raize Components\b0  logo is rendered by the custom VCL \b TRzAnimator \b0 component.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 TRzBackground\par
\cf0\b0\f1 The textured background of this form is controlled by a \b TRzBackground \b0 component. This component gives you many different ways to customize the appearance of a form including textured tiling and gradient fills.\par
\par
\par
}
