{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl ;\red49\green106\blue197;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\lang1033\b\f0\fs16 TRzDateTimeEdit\par
\cf0\b0\f1 RC3 introduces a brand new custom date/time edit control. Use the \b EditType \b0 property to specify whether the control will edit dates or times. Clicking on the drop-down arrow will display a \b TRzCalendar \b0 or a \b TRzTimePicker \b0 depending on the value of \b EditType\b0 . \b Date \b0 and \b Time \b0 properties let you access the selected date or time.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 TRzColorEdit\par
\cf0\b0\f1 This is another new component instroduced in RC3. The \b TRzColorEdit \b0 displays a \b TRzColorPicker \b0 from which a user can select a color from a standard palette of colors. The component also supports picking colors from the set of System colors (e.g. \b clHighlight\b0 ) as well as custom colors.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 TRzSpinEdit\par
\cf0\b0\f1 Our spin edit component supports floating-point numbers in addition to integers. Plus, there are several ways in which the appearance of the spin edit can be altered.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 TRzButtonEdit\par
\cf0\b0\f1 This edit component embeds a primary and an alternate button. Use this component when you need to invoke some action that is closely related to the edit control. For example, opening lookup dialog boxes.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 TRzEdit and TRzMaskEdit\par
\cf0\b0\f1 Our base edit components descend from the standard VCL versions, and include support for displaying text in right-justified format and custom framing.\par
\par
}
