{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl ;\red49\green106\blue197;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\lang1033\b\f0\fs16 TRzListBox\b0\par
\cf0\f1 Our base list box component supports \i Incremental Searching\i0 , horizontal scroll bars, and of course \b Custom Framing\b0 . In addition, the base list box automatically handles the mouse wheel and defines several methods such as \b Add\b0 , \b SelectAll\b0 , and \b SelectedItem\b0 .\par
\pard\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\b\f0 TRzTabbedListBox\b0\par
\cf0\f1 This component supports variable-sized tab stops. A custom property editor allows tab stops to be set visually at design-time. Tab stops can also be either left or right aligned. The header is a separate control but is manipulating the tabbed list box through the \b UpdateFromHeader \b0 method.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 TRzCheckList\b0\par
\cf0\f1 Each item in the list has an associated check box, which is accessible through the \b ItemChecked\b0  and \b ItemState\b0  properties. Individual items can even be disabled using the \b ItemEnabled\b0  property. However, unlike the standard check list box, the individual states of items in a TRzCheckList can be set at design-time using a custom editor. And since \b TRzCheckList\b0  descends from \b TRzTabbedListBox\b0 , it also supports tab stops.  RC3 introduces grouping to the TRzCheckList. \par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 TRzEditListBox\par
\cf0\b0\f1 This list box supports the runtime editing of the items in the list. Simply click on a line a second time, or press the F2 key and a popup edit window is displayed with the item's text already selected.\par
\par
\pard\cf1\b\f0 TRzGroupBox\par
\cf0\b0\f1 Each of list box examples on this dialog are contained in a \b TRzGroupBox \b0 component, which is a descendant of our \b TRzPanel \b0 component. In this dialog, the group boxes all have their \b GroupStyle \b0 properties set to \b gsTopLine\b0 . Other options are \b gsStandard\b0 , \b gsFlat\b0 , and \b gsCustom\b0 .\par
\par
\par
}
