{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}}
{\colortbl ;\red49\green106\blue197;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1033\f0\fs16 Welcome to the \b Raize Components 3 (RC3)\b0  demonstration program! This area is the Notes pane and is used to display information pertaining to the currently focused form.  To display a form, simply click on one of the toolbar buttons, click on an item in the group bar, or select an item from the \i Demo\i0  menu. Each form demonstrates several of the more than \cf1\b 115\cf0\b0  components that are included in RC3.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1 TRzGroupBar\par
\cf0\b0\f0 The control on the left side of this main form is called a \b TRzGroupBar\b0 . This control is used to present a collection of user interface command groups. A command group typically contains a list of clickable items that invoke commands. Typical examples of group bars include the navigational bar (i.e. Outlook Bar) in Microsoft Outlook and the category view in Windows XP's Control Panel (also called the Explorer Bar).  Another example of a group bar is the Task List view in Microsoft Office XP. \b TRzGroupBar \b0 is a single component that supports all of these types of display styles as illustrated by invoking the commands listed in the first group.\par
\par
\pard\cf1\b\f1 TRzToolbar\par
\cf0\b0\f0 The toolbar on this main form is a \b TRzToolbar \b0 component, which is a custom descendant of \b TRzPanel\b0 . \b TRzToolbar \b0 automatically handles aligning all controls dropped onto it, as well as wrapping the controls to multiple lines. In this demo, each button on the toolbar is a \b TRzToolButton \b0 utilizing its \b HotIndex\b0  property to display a different image when the mouse is positioned over the button. You can customize the appearance of the toolbar by using the commands in the Toolbar Settings group.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1 TRzStatusBar\par
\cf0\b0\f0 The status bar on this main form is a \b TRzStatusBar\b0 , which is another custom \b TRzPanel \b0 descendant. This custom VCL component provides more features than the standard \b TStatusBar \b0 such as automatically scaling the status panes. More importantly, the status panes are actually separate controls that can be used independently of a status bar. In addition to the simple text-based \b TRzStatusPane\b0 , RC3 comes with 9 other types of status panes such as \b TRzGlyphStatus\b0 , \b TRzClockStatus\b0 , and \b TRzMarqueeStatus \b0 to name a few.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1 TRzSizePanel\par
\cf0\b0\f0 Both the group bar and this note area are contained within \b TRzSizePanel\b0  controls. Another \b TRzPanel \b0 descendant, \b TRzSizePanel \b0 controls can be resized at runtime using a sizing bar. That is, the width or height of the panel is changed by dragging the sizing bar. In this demo, the \b HotSpot \b0 button is visible on the sizing bar of both panels. When you click this button, the panel is resized to its smallest size. If you click on the HotSpot button again, the panel is restored to its original size.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1 TRzBalloonHints\par
\cf0\b0\f0 By default, the VCL does not wrap long hint messages to multiple lines. By simply placing a \b TRzBalloonHints \b0 component on your form, your long hint messages will be automatically wrapped to display a multi-line hint message. In this demo, the \b ShowBalloon \b0 property is set to \b True \b0 so that hints are displayed in a balloon-style hint window.\par
\par
}
