{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}}
{\colortbl ;\red49\green106\blue197;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang1033\f0\fs16 This form highlights several of the data-aware components included in RC3.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1 TRzDBButtonEdit\par
\cf0\b0\f0 The Customer field is displayed by the data-aware version of our button edit component. The \b AllowEdit \b0 property is False so the user cannot change the data with the keyboard, but the user can click the ... button or press F4 to display a customer lookup dialog box that illustrates even more ways to use the data-aware components in RC3.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1 TRzDBLookupDialog\cf0\b0\par
\f0 The Event field is also edited by a \b TRzDBButtonEdit\b0 . However, for this field the user *is* allowed to type in an Event Number. The user can also click the Find button to search by Event Name using a \b TRzDBLookupDialog \b0 component, which is a dialog-based component that provides an easy way to perform lookups. In this example, the \b KeyField\b0  property is set to the \i EventNo\i0  field while the \b SearchField\b0  property is set to \i EventName\i0 .\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1 Edit Controls\par
\cf0\b0\f0 The other database fields are connected to \b TRzDBEdit\b0 , \b TRzDBSpinEdit\b0 , \b TRzDBDateTimeEdit\b0 , \b TRzDBMemo\b0 , \b TRzDBComboBox\b0 , and \b TRzDBCheckBox \b0 components. The controls were altered to appear as flat lines by setting the appropriate Custom Fframing options. In particular, \b FrameVisible \b0 is \b True\b0 , \b FrameStyle \b0 is \b fsFlat\b0 , and \b FrameSides \b0 is [\b sdBottom\b0 ].\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1 Status Controls\cf0\b0\par
\f0 The status area contains a \b TRzDBStatusPane \b0 and a \b TRzDBStateStatus\b0 . The data-aware status pane displays the current order number. The identifying caption is controlled through the \b FieldLabel \b0 property. The \b TRzDBStateStatus \b0 component shows the current state of the Reservation database table.\par
\par
}
